The screening engine works by parsing based on the user defined screening type criteria. It tells the engine what text to look for, who is eligible for certain screenings, and the status of compliance for that screening - we have the keywords associated with specific screening types to match them to EMR documents based on file and document names, as well as document content via OCR extraction (with PHI redaction). This is for finding relevant documents for screenings because often incoming documents are named semi-arbitrarily, with punctuation, spelling, and subject differences. For example, a bone density screening may be labelled as 'dxa', 'dexa', or 'dxa_scan.pdf'. The keywords are meant to alleviate these recognition concerns. Regardless if a present document is a match, it must be compared to the screening type criteria in order to determine the status of the screening (due or complete). Document matching is one front - the next is defined screening criteria. The screening type criteria has multiple classified factors to make sure that a patient is eligible for a screening based on their gender, age, and preexisting conditions. These are correlated to screening type criteria with the fields of gender, age range, and trigger conditions. These fields are meant to reduce the amount of patient information that must be parsed in order to find a matched document. Typically in healthcare, there are screening types that have gender, age, and condition specific protocols. Some examples include how women are generally required to do mammograms and pap smears, while males do not, so it would be ineffective to search in male profiles for these screenings. Additionally, a diabetic patient generally does an A1C test every three months, while nondiabetics have them less often. The other field of screening frequency (along with the date of last completion) defines the frequency in which the screening type must be fulfilled in order to be complete or in compliance with the standard of care. If no matched document is found, then the screening status will remain as ‘due’. However, if a matched document is found, the date of its completion must be compared with the screening frequency to determine if the screening is ‘complete’ due to the matched document, or still ‘due’. For example, with a frequency of one year, a matched document must be from a date within a year of the current date. The only exception to these statuses is ‘due soon’ where a matched document fulfills the criteria and frequency, but is within 30 days of losing its ‘complete’ status by aging out. All outputs of the screening engine are shown on the screening list.
