This may highlight the locations of the existing functions of relevance. The goal is to have a self service signup, in which administrators like practice managers or clinicians can provide initial information for onboarding via (a pending creation) website and email. Access should mostly be gated by Stripe billing, with an extremely leninent free trial, with credit card information given up front. This allows practices to trial the software at their leisure and cancel with no consequences during the trial - the hope is that that trial is enough to prove its use case to the businesses. The goal is have the onboarding work as seamlessly as possible. Ideally, we collect base information like organization name, address, email, phone number, the specific site they represent, specialty, and the administrator we are coordinating with. Additionally, whether at this step or a further one, the prospective client must (to my knowledge), give us their client ID, secret, and FHIR URL in order to properly be configured for Epic OAuth (we need all identifying variable to connect to Epic and access the practice's specific roster/schedule). The onboarding and learning curve will be quick in order for the free trial to be immediate (this can be subject to change, like trial status being delayed until the org is fully set). Once we have the organization credentials for Epic OAuth and confirmation of stripe payment, the organization can be created manually by the root admin on the root admin dashboard, or using the onboarding flow, the software can premake these organizations using the information received and assign an incomplete setup status to prevent progressing of the onboarding until activation by the root admin. Once the organization is active, the first admin user is assigned to administrator - the username should be autogenerated based off the email username that contacted us, with a temporary password (the password editing/recovery system should be aided by Resend, and further discussed later). The first admin will gain access to the organization admin dashboard and, most likely, apply the preset that best matches their needs and specialty and start creating their own users. The base user will need a name, role identification, username, password, and work email address requirement to get started - the email address is likely going to use for password recovery and editing. These users should not need extra verification for their creation - the organization admin is free to create their managing staff within the system, make sure their Epic OAuth status is valid, and then the users will able to complete their first EMR and generally begin to use the main app (note that all sub-admin users share the same /dashboard, meaning that any changes that one sub-admin user makes will change the output of the /screening/list for all sub-admin users, similar to how admin changes will cascade to all users under its purview - like preset management, document dismissal of matches, etc.