Fuzzy detection: assistance with creating screening types by providing universal, standardized names for screening types to avoid user input errors by typos and general confusion. A parallel feature will exist for assigning trigger conditions, in order to properly interoperate with FHIR, so that conditions listed in the EMR can be recognized by the screening engine and properly assigned the correct eligibility for screening types. Additionally, fuzzy detection will be used in the process of matching filenames even when they use different separators—such as underscores, dashes, or periods—instead of spaces or expected formatting. The goal is to identify semantically equivalent terms regardless of how they are written, in order to match to keywords.
Screening type variants: enhanced by the fuzzy detection, users will be able to create different screening type protocols linked under the same name. This is mostly used for the presence of trigger conditions, which creates different eligibility for the same screening type. The example above, for diabetics, illustrates the use - a diabetic patient generally does an A1C test every three months, while nondiabetics have them less often. In this system, a diabetic is recognized for their trigger condition, and assigned different criteria for the same screening - whether altered frequency, age ranges, or keywords. These variants will be associated - other instances referencing the screening type will note that there are multiple variants under the same screening name (i.e “A1C Test [3 variants]”). Additionally, in order to prevent confusion, the status activity of a variant should sync to all other variants.
Add, edit, and delete: Users will have the option to add, edit, and delete screening types from the software based on their needs. Deletion should be considered as a more permanent and meaningful removal from the software as opposed to a deactivation of status. Additions and edits should result in a regeneration of the screening list based on the new criteria of the screening type - in order for maximal efficiency, universal refreshes will be prevented by selective refreshing, where only the screening types affected by changes should be regenerated.
Screening type activation and deactivation: the status field is included for screening types, controlling their ability to be included in the screening engine, which in turn should affect their inclusion in the screening list and generated prep sheets.
